DOCSP-32752 Support for setting AWS region (#958)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/authentication/mechanisms.txt

      .. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/authentication/aws-env-variable.js
         :language: javascript

>       .. note:: How to Set the AWS Region for Regional Endpoints

Reviewer: I would move this to line 230 and not make it a note. I would also include a code block:
```bash
export AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS=regional //enable regional endpoints
export AWS_REGION=us-east-2 //select your AWS region
```
Looking at the JIRA ticket, it looks like we should specify that the default region is us-east-1.

Author: The restructuring makes sense, thanks! I'll ask the technical reviewer to confirm the default region and whether global endpoints are available for this feature (in which case I would delete the first sentence about why to use regional endpoints).

         AWS recommends using regional AWS STS endpoints instead of global 
         endpoints to reduce latency, build-in redundancy, and increase session token validity.

         To set the AWS region, set the following environment variables: 
         
         - ``AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS``: Set to ``regional`` to enable regional endpoints. 
   

>          - ``AWS_REGION``: Set to an AWS region, like ``us-east-2``. For a list of available AWS regions,
>            see the `AWS Regions <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.html#Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.Regions>`__ 
>            guide in the AWS documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - ``AWS_REGION``: Set to an AWS region, such as ``us-east-2``. For a list of available AWS regions,
           see the `AWS Regions <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.html#Concepts.RegionsAndAvailabilityZones.Regions>`__ 
           guide in the AWS documentation. 
```
